Hi guys what the crack says
Welcome back around the canal.
yes we returned there blanc compose the channel
You wanted it here because you
bleach right
So I came back with you who asked for help.
for you there already focused on video
now it is because you like me or
that you live on some page the point
blank
but now let's just click on the
video to strengthen is on
It's very difficult to bear the son of a bitch.
but come on, I'm very
thrilled with the return of the channel
Ok let's go there and it's going to be a lot
electrifying powder space who will have the
new chronic challenge
I enjoyed living here anyway right after all
Stay the fuck up here, boy.
I believe king listener located here
in my step in the Senate, I'm basso
It's chaos that country now had neither
but he does not love me his tune to stay
long time does not play very well that I
I went back to record with you to
record with you here and bring joy
You guys, I think you like me.
did not take the chance of having a street
now will take a juice or final 121
fucking epic
I 'll get the guys here upstairs to the
very local we located a guy there however
My god, the whore is going now. Come on, let's go.
there make viable brake cylinders to
I lived in the morning when seven was missing.
for you
joking because Aquino opened up and
Let's go to win the final going bald.
entered here on my base now my god
because there was a vote in 1955 ticket for
leaving the touch of the year will not
I'm not sure what this is for
millions of times your 120 guy applies
daughter of the expensive is to pay I need up to 120
talk on the ball then I think a lot
can not be bad right down here I
I'm very very very it
if attempted now I know I'm bad
It's all okay, right?
sorry for that fine pica emitting was
good thank god thank god about this
It's a market if you like the video.
she knows how to do is let it go
your favorite advertise your networks
with their friends spread the word
that your worst enemy that he will not
like the live then, right?
guga because if it's yours then you
will release for its pioneering and
brief sample, we will give the chronicle and
It was over for you that this video arrived
to 700 views and my channel pick up two
registered cars
I'll get the partnership with
exactly what they are thinking
That's what I told you to have in my city.
There's a joke, I'll get it.
partner with gay galla so me
I think you do not call me a national and if I
like the mp you know make a kiss
chronic string ejaculate the vignette
heat box
finally a kiss of chlorine I went well